This beginning section is just
our constant variables, so all
of the, like all the prices and
we're starting off with our
total phones and devices sold,
which is gonna be 0.
And then I did the basic
calculator part where I put it
in a while loop so that.
Whenever the user enters 0, it's
going to break this loop and
then add +1 to the while loop
and then why if the while loop
ever gets to one, it's going to
exit the loop and calculate our
profit at the bottom and then
print out daily profit?
Umm.
The.
If loops are going to be.
And get the phone category is
equal to 0 is gonna break the
loop and obviously go back to
the beginning and then or exit
the the while loop. Sorry and
then the.
The other categories are just
the phone categories and it's
going to have the phone prices
put into it already and then
calculate the price for us and
then print those out. And then
the if statement here profit
daily.
If this equals uh, if this is
greater than 10,000, is gonna
print out great work.
And if it's not greater than
10,000, then it's going to print
out that we didn't reach our
goal.
And that's basically what I did
for the project.
My my point was I coded it,
edited the whole code but like.
Danny's uh by setting each other
off the apples, iPhone and the
tablet to 0.
And the reason why I did that?
Because uh, so it won't like
store from the previous answer.
So it would if it's stored the
previous answer it will mess
around with the next code the
next calculation. So I just each
set each one back to zero so it
can be reset and while the loop
still continues. So we could get
the right result.
Yeah, you also did the the whole
while loop like with the.
Yeah, I I I said that for each
one each loop.
The loop back to the beginning.
Ohh yeah yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, and then my Pender.
My.
Did we lose my?
Like his, his muted.
Oh, I'm sorry.
He's muted.
So yeah, so I did the four loop
up part in which we like go
You know.
through the loops of a whole
week, weekends and the work
weeks.
So in this four days in weekend,
we go through the loop and in
the first one we just go through
all the days. So while when
catalog is equal to equal to 1,
then he's gonna ask for the
phone category and then if phone
category is 0 which is break out
of the loop and if phone
category is not zero and it's
less than five, then we go
through all the phone categories
and calculate the result.
And if won't get into the above,
then five, then we just print N
and you say user input user
input error and.
At Denry, just say the weak
profit, which is, uh, the same
thing that Danny spoke is if
it's greater than 10,000, it's
great work. And if it's less,
more work needed. And then in
here we just reset the values to
0. So the our total is all zeros
if the if it's the work weekend,
we do the same thing as the.
As the whole week is just, our
four loop is different than the.
A whole week and we just do the
all the same things that we did
in the work week as we if it
breaks, we get out of the loop
and if it's.
If it's less than five, we go
through all the phones and all
that stuff, and then we reset
here, back again, and then as
the last is the weekend one, and
this is still the same thing,
but in the this again, the four
loop is different where it only
does for Saturday and Sunday and
we just go through the same
thing we did in the all the
other weeks.
And yet at the end, which just
uh print error and we just print
the weekend profit as the same
thing less than more than 1000
great work less than 1000 bad
work.
And if, uh, days or week are out
less than zero and greater than
four, then it's error. And if
there's a week or zero, then our
program ends and then it
continues after that again.
That's it.
Beautiful. Excellent. Thank you
very much.
OK, nice.
Ice.